README.md, before:

# **Bokonon's Oxygen Not Included mods**

These are my mods, hope others can find them of some use.

## **Released Mods**

**Disable Instant Build On Savegame Load**
- This is to solve the problem I have when testing stuff and I bounce a bit between a debug/sandbox map and a survival map.  If Instant Build Mode is active for my debug map, when I would load my survival map it would still be active.  This changes the behavior so that on loading any save, Instant Build Mode is automatically deactivated.

**Insulated Farm Tiles**
- Insulated versions of farm and hydroponic tiles.  Many people are frustrated that wheezeworts now require resources to be deliverd, this should enable you to do so from outside but still be insulated from temperature and not have to allow dupe access inside.

## **Works In Progress**

## **Bugs and Feature requests**
- Please use the github [issues](https://github.com/Bokonon-ONI/ONI-Mods/issues) page for reporting bugs or requesting new features.

Commit message:

Seems to be working better, needs yet more testing.
Fixed the plan screen thanks to ASquareπ from the Discord, thanks dude!

README.md, after:

# **Bokonon's Oxygen Not Included mods**

These are my mods, hope others can find them of some use.

## **Released Mods**

**Disable Instant Build On Savegame Load**
- This is to solve the problem I have when testing stuff and I bounce a bit between a debug/sandbox map and a survival map.  If Instant Build Mode is active for my debug map, when I would load my survival map it would still be active.  This changes the behavior so that on loading any save, Instant Build Mode is automatically deactivated.

**Insulated Farm Tiles**
- Insulated versions of farm and hydroponic tiles.  Many people are frustrated that wheezeworts now require resources to be deliverd, this should enable you to do so from outside but still be insulated from temperature and not have to allow dupe access inside.

## **Works In Progress**

** Piped Sweepy Dock **
- Sweepy is adorable but useless, this makes him not useless.  It's not released yet as I'm still testing it, don't want sweepy to go from useless to OP, I may need to make some more tweaks.

## **Bugs and Feature requests**
- Please use the github [issues](https://github.com/Bokonon-ONI/ONI-Mods/issues) page for reporting bugs or requesting new features.
